---
layout: post
title: Persona
date: 2023-08-04 21:43 -0300
categories: [Blog, Essays]
tags: [Consciousness, Philosophy]
---

You’re infinite. Don’t limit yourself

You have an inner identity. The essence of you. The core of you. That identity is hidden. No one knows it. Not even you know it fully. We are all actors in this life and in every second of it, we act and express ourselves by projecting this core persona in several aspects. All of this projected personas are direct descendants from the core. Mostly they’re very similar to one another.

You use a persona to interact with your parents. Another persona to interact with your S.O. Another to interact with your children. Another to interact with strangers. And so on. We can project infinite personas from our core being.

The only thing that differentiates them is how much they deviate from the core. The nearest to your true self a persona is, the most genuine it is. If it deviates too far from that core, you start manifesting several distortions.

Negative traits such as greed, vanity, selfishness, etc are all distorted personas, which are too far from the core. They don’t emanate from your true self. They’re delusions created from your lowliest aspect. Your shadow. It’s a part of yourself that absorbed all the negative feelings you ever felt, all the traumas you ever endured. They accumulate. We must be vigilant, so they never grow too much.

Now, to the main point of this text: By learning to look inwards, you can learn who you really are. Your core persona. Your true value lies there. Only then, you’ll be able to project your best persona to the world. Because that is the aspect which is nearest to whom you really are. Once you discover this you’ll never be insecure anymore. Because you know who you are. And you know how to act in any social setting. In any situation. Insecurity comes from being out of touch to your core persona. You feel empty. You feel incapable because you don’t know where to support yourself. Once you start to get in touch with yourself, all that goes away. You don’t to fake anymore, because now you know who you are. That’s the point.

Look inwards. Meet yourself and then accept yourself. Only then you’ll be able to truly live.
